So the last bit before I turn you loose on some scripting tasks,
which I'm kind of weird in that like command line
scripting is like my favorite part of Node,
like I love to do stuff on the command line.
I don't know what my problem is.
There's lots of alternatives out there.
We already started talking about some of them.
Gulp is probably the other major one.
The big advantage of gulp over something like Grunt
is the fact that it uses the Node.
js stream's interface to stream data from one plugin to another so that
you don't have to wait for one task to be completely finished before you
can start streaming data to another task.
And that is really cool, and it does speed things up oftentimes quite a lot,
but again,
old man Kevin kind of thinks it's harder to reason about how
streams work and write custom tasks that execute in the order that
I expect using the streaming interface.
So I did gulp for a long time,
and then I kind of found myself coming back to Grunt.
Again, not because it's bad,
just because my simple mind was able to comprehend what was
going on in Grunt a little bit more easily.
But it's superfast, and it also has a very nice ecosystem of tools.
I think Grunt, Grunt has been around longer,
so I think there's probably more out there for Grunt,
but gulp probably is like cooler at this point,
so there's maybe more new stuff being invented for gulp these days.
Webpack is a tool that's out there that some folks have kind
of used like as a front end for executing tasks like for
compiling their front-end assets.
And it's really awesome, like it does a lot of really cool stuff.
It's got like really cool plugins.
The way that you would implement like those cache-buster URLs
that I was talking about briefly earlier,
I think the easiest way to do it is with webpack through Grunt.
So there's a few --- there's lots of really great uses for it,
but I think it's not necessarily as good of a general
purpose task runner as Grunt is.
Like I said,
we use Grunt for all kinds of stuff from deploy tasks
to like just simple scripting stuff, and that's not really what webpack is for.
So using webpack from Grunt I think is the winning combo for me.
Yeah, do we have another question?
Yeah, what happens if you don't define a default task in the Gruntfile?
If you don't define a default task and you just run Grunt,
it will say that there's no default task defined,
and it'll error out. That's what'll happen if you don't have a default defined.